RStudio addin (#408)
tidymodels/parsnip: NEWS.md

# parsnip (development version)

>  * An RStudio add-in is availble that makes writing multiple `parsnip` model specifications to the source window. It can be accessed via the IDE from the `Tools > Addins > Browse Addins` menu or by calling `write_parsnip_specs()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * An RStudio add-in is availble that makes writing multiple `parsnip` model specifications to the source window. It can be accessed via the IDE addin menus or by calling `write_parsnip_specs()`.
```

It's also in the "Addins" toolbar menu itself (that gets [surfaced more in demos](http://rstudio.github.io/rstudioaddins/#running-addins) and such). Might want to make this more general.
